Magento2 260 support for simple products (#16)
shopgate/connect-integration-sdk-php: README.md

#### Usage
Example for calling our service in order to create, update or delete a category:
```php
<?php
use Shopgate\ConnectSdk\Services\Events\Client;
use Shopgate\ConnectSdk\Services\Events\DTO\V1\Payload\Catalog\Category as CategoryDto;

$config = [
    'http' => [

>         'headers' => ['Authorization' => 'Bearer XXX'],

Reviewer: I know it's an exampple, but alignment off on both category/product examples :)

#### Usage

> Example for calling a service in order to create, update and delete a category using the Guzzle client and basic authentication:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example for calling our service in order to create, update or delete a category:
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```php
```

$client->catalog->updateCategory('4', $updateDto, ['requestType' => 'direct']);
```

> Example for calling a service in order to create, update and delete a product using the Guzzle client and basic authentication:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example for calling our service in order to create, update or delete a simple product:
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```php
```

<?php
use Shopgate\ConnectSdk\Services\Events\Client;
use Shopgate\ConnectSdk\Services\Events\DTO\V1\Payload\Catalog\Product as ProductDto;

$config = [
    'http' => [

>         'base_uri'     => 'https://{service}.shopgate.services/v1/merchants/{merchantCode}/',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>         'auth'         => ['username', 'password'],

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        'headers' => ['Authorization' => 'Bearer XXX'],
```

        'merchantCode' => 'EE1',
        'service'      => 'omni-event-receiver'
    ]
];

$client = new Client($config);
// create new price
$price = new PriceDto();
$price->setPrice(90)->setSalePrice(84.99)->setCurrencyCode(PriceDto::CURRENCY_CODE_EUR);
// create new product
$productPayload = new ProductDto();

> $productPayload->setCode('42')->setName('Blue Jeans regular')->setStatus(ProductDto::STATUS_ACTIVE)->setPrice($price);

Reviewer: Did you test this? Seems like the swagger requires catalogCode to be provided as well, so this should not work.
You will be presenting and showing the AWS db based on this stuff by the way, so make sure it works.
